W-18452434 specify mmv j17 connector guides (#321)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/partner-and-customer-guide.adoc

+
In Mule 4.9.0 and later, you can compile any Mule project for Java 17 or lower. Additional dependencies must be compiled for Java 17 or lower. 
+

> If you compile for Java 17, the `mule-modules-parent` should be upgraded to version 1.9.0 or later. The connector's minimum Mule version will also be 4.9.0, ensuring compatibility only with Mule 4.9.0 or later. Verify that `minMuleVersion` in `META-INF/mule-artifact/mule-artifact.json` is 4.9.0 or later. See xref:mule-sdk::java-version-support.adoc#specify-java-compatibility[Specify Java Compatibility].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you compile for Java 17, upgrade the `mule-modules-parent` to version 1.9.0 or later. The connector's minimum Mule version will also be 4.9.0, ensuring compatibility only with Mule 4.9.0 or later. Verify that `minMuleVersion` in `META-INF/mule-artifact/mule-artifact.json` is 4.9.0 or later. See xref:mule-sdk::java-version-support.adoc#specify-java-compatibility[Specify Java Compatibility].
```
